## 0x02-functions_nested_loops

### OVERVIEW

```
At the end of this project you are expected to be able to explain to anyone,
without the help of Google:
```
* What are nested loops and how to use them
* What is a function and how do you use functions
* What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function
* What is a prototype
* Scope of variables
* What are the gcc flags -Wall -Werror -pedantic -Wextra
* What are header files and how to to use them with #include

[0._putchar](./0-holberton.c)
```
Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.
``
* The program should return 0

[1-alphabet.c](./1-alphabet.c)
```
Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
``
* Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
* You can only use _putchar twice in your code

[2-print_alphabet_x10.c](./2-print_alphabet_x10.c)
```
Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase,
followed by a new line.
```
* Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
* You can only use _putchar twice in your code

[3-islower.c](./3-islower.c)
```
Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
```
* Prototype: int _islower(int c);
* Returns 1 if c is lowercase
* Returns 0 otherwise

[4-isalpha.c](./4-isalpha.c)
```
Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
```
* Prototype: int _isalpha(int c);
* Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
* Returns 0 otherwise

[5-sign.c](./5-sign.c)
```
Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
```
* Prototype: int print_sign(int n);
* Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
* Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
* Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

[6-abs](./6-abs)
```
Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
```
* Prototype: int _abs(int);

[7-print_last_digit.c](./7-print_last_digit.c)
```
Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
```
* Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
* Returns the value of the last digit

[8-24_hours.c](./8-24_hours.c)
```
Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer,
```
* starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
* Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);

[9-times_table.c](./9-times_table.c)
```
Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
```
* Prototype: void times_table(void)

[10-add.c](./10-add.c)
```
Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
```
* Prototype: int add(int, int);

[11-print_98.c](./11-print_98.c)
```
Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a
new line.
```
* Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
* Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
* Numbers should be printed in order
* The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
* The last printed number should be 98
* You are allowed to use the standard library

[12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation,
which, turn it how you will, balances itself](./100-times_table.c)

[13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women](./101-natural.c)
```
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get
3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes
and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded),
followed by a new line.
```
* You are allowed to use the standard library

[14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the
first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal
passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A](./102-fibonacci.c)
```
Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and
2, followed by a new line.
```
* The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
* You are allowed to use the standard library

[15. Even Liber Abbaci](./103-fibonacci.c)
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two
terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,
21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values
do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the
even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
You are allowed to use the standard library

[16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the
first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal
passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+](./104-fibonacci.c)
```
Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers,
starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
```

* The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
* You are allowed to use the standard library
* You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
* You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or
  structures
* You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
